HOW TO USE _zen-fixed.css
------------------

Inside your Zen subtheme, start a new empty Compass project:
(--bare is need otherwise compass will add the default stylesheets, which override Zen's)

$ compass create --bare

Then copy _zen-fixed.scss into the src folder created by Compass. You can import it into any .scss file in src folder with

@import "zen-fixed";

Notice you don't need to write _ or .scss to import the file. You don't need to import Compass as well, since it is imported by Zen-fixed.

You must edit config.rb and change the css_dir to css (the folder Zen uses by default)

css_dir = "css"


VARIABLES
------------------

There are many variables that can be changed in Zen Fixed SCSS. $zen-width, $zen-first-sidebar-width, $zen-second-sidebar-width are pretty self explanatory. Notice content width is not declared, it will always use the available space. $zen-content-position is used to position the content either before the sidebars, after the sidebars and between the sidebars. The allowed values are first, middle, last.

If any of these variables are changed, you should start your stylesheet with

@include zen-layout;

Should you need a RTL version of your stylesheet, copy your stylesheet to STYLESHEET-FILE-NAME-rtl.scss (drupal will automatically pick the rtl file, if needed) and change your stylesheet to

@include zen-layout(rtl);


Zen positions the Navigation with fixed height and width. You can change the values with $zen-navigation-width and $zen-navigation-height variables. Then write to your stylesheet

@include zen-navigation;

RTL stylesheets should write instead

@include zen-navigation(rtl);


HELPER FUNCTIONS
------------------

Zen hides the overflow of the navigation block, hindering dropdown menus. If you need dropdown menus, write

@include zen-dropdown-navigation;


Copied from Zen's fixed-layout.css:
  If a div.clearfix doesn't have any content after it and its bottom edge touches the bottom of the viewport, Firefox and Safari will mistakenly place several pixels worth of space between the bottom of the div and the bottom of the viewport. Uncomment this CSS property to fix this. Note: with some over-large content, this property might cause scrollbars to appear on the #page-wrapper div.

@include zen-clearfix-fix;